In my first two videos on the topic of the lost city of Atlantis,
I connected the dots and more than he doesn't similarities between Plato's
description of Atlantis to that of the recon structure,
which is commonly referred to as the IO, the Sahara,
and is located in a remote region of Northwest Africa in the country of
Mauritania.
And my argument in those videos was that these similarities are so numerous and
so precise that the recut structure should be considered as the most likely
location for this lost ancient civilization.
However, nothing is certain, and it is undoubtedly the subject of much debate.
But if after watching those first two videos,
you still doubted the possibility that the recut structure could be the location
of Atlantis. Well, in this video,
I'm going to share with you some new details that I just came across.
That makes the case that the eye of Africa is not just the most likely location
of Atlantis, but the connection of these out of details, I'm about to share.
It makes this case so compelling that it's practically definitive.
So then we jump right into these details and afterwards I'll connect the dots on
everything. So we can see exactly what we're dealing with here.
Like I stated in my first video,
the legend of Atlantis originates from the ancient Egyptians and the Greek law
maker,
Solon recorded this information while visiting Egypt some 2,600 years
ago. And the information was passed down through six generations to Plato who
published the account of Atlantis in the tomatoes.
And Criteo has dialogues some 2,400 years ago.
And is apparently the only reason why we know about the legend of Atlantis
today,
Play-Doh stated that the king of the capital of Atlantis was named Atlas,
who is the first born son of Poseidon. And of course, like I mentioned before,
Poseidon had 10 children through five sets of twins and each one of those 10
children went on to rule each of those 10 kingdoms that made up the empire of
Atlantis. Now,
remember the name Atlas and hold that thought for a moment as I share something
else that will connect the dots on this new information,
there is a group of people that used to be referred to as the Mori. However,
in modern times, they are now known as the Berber people,
which inhabit a region of Northwest Africa,
our region once referred to as Maury, but now known as Maghreb,
which essentially makes up modern day, new media, Morocco, west Algeria,
and Mauritania. In fact,
the name Mauritania comes from the Maury people. Now,
does anyone happen to know the name of who was said to be the first king of
Mauritania? Well,
it was someone who just so happened to be named Atlas,
the legendary king of the Mauri people, what a coincidence,
but of course there can be no possible connection to Atlas,
the king of Atlantis, because after all,
there is simply no way that Atlantis could ever have been in the remote region
of Northwest Africa. Now, hold that thought for a moment, too,
as I share something else with you that you've likely never seen or heard of
before,
there was an ancient Greek man named [inaudible] who lived some 2,500 years,
who you may be familiar with as being known as the father of history made famous
for his documentation of the Greco Persian wars Heraclitus was born nearly
75 years after Solon had died. And again,
Solon was the person who documented the story of Atlantis from the ancient
Egyptians carotid, SIS himself also died when Plato was just two years old.
So he never knew either of them and subsequently died many years before Plato
had ever published the account of Atlantis.
One of [inaudible] notable achievements was developing.
What was then the most accurate mapping of the known inhabited world at the time
of four 50 BC. First that's oriented ourselves here.
We can clearly see Italy, the Mediterranean sea,
the countries that surrounded the Caspian sea, the red sea,
the Nile Delta to name a few notable features.
And let me transition to a different version of the map so we can see things
more clearly. But if you look to the left, what do you see there?
That's right. The word Atlantis,
which is shown to be located south of the pillars of Hercules or the Strait of
Gibraltar and positioned in Northwest Africa. Let me first say that.
I do not know how or why Hurghada is.
This came to this conclusion as this is something that I need to research more,
but I look forward to any insight that people will be sharing in the comments
related to his development of this map and why he claimed that Atlantis was in
that specific location. You'll also notice on this map,
the detailing of a mountain chain,
just south of the Strait of Gibraltar known today as the Atlas mountains,
which are also known to be home of the Berber people, which I mentioned earlier,
and these mountains were in fact named after Atlas,
the first king of Mauritania, you know,
something else that's interesting to point out when you research Atlas,
the king of Mauritania, there seems to be no connection to Atlantis.
I assume that this is related to the fact that nobody has ever considered that
the location of Atlantis could be hiding in plain sight in the Western Sahara
desert in what is now Mauritania.
Let me take a quick moment to thank John for leaving this outstanding comment,
which brought the information of the first king of Mauritania,
as well as Hurghada. This is mapped to my attention,
something that I was otherwise unaware of,
and I suspect that goes to most everyone else watching this video.
So let me clarify where we're at right now.
There is a 2,500 year old map that annotates the location of Atlantis
in Northwest Africa,
seemingly in the exact location of the recon structure.
And this map was created by the so-called father of history,
a trusted source of documentation praised by modern day historians,
for his ability to systematically document information in vivid detail,
then we have this mysterious and incredibly unique structure in Mauritania known
as the re caught this structure just so happens to be made of
concentric circles just as Plato had stated, but not only that,
it consists of the precise amount of rings,
three that would be of water and two of land on top of that,
it just so happens to be the precise size of how Atlantis was
described measuring 23 and a half kilometers or 14 and a half miles
across when computed in modern day measurements and also has an opening to
the south that would match Atlanta's description of connecting to the sea.
And in fact, it's very appearance today seems to suggest that it did,
it has mountains to the north.
And not only that the mountains to the north contained rivers,
the entire area surrounding the Ricard is a large level plane.
The sides of Atlantis were said to be steeped towards the side of the sea and
the Audra Highlands located in this area have a steep 1500 foot drop
from cliff side to its base. Even more significantly.
The center island of the recon produces fresh spring water just as Play-Doh
specified.
And this is despite the Wells in the surrounding area producing exclusively salt
water, which also is further evidence that this site was once under the ocean.
The area around the recut has an abundance of black, red and white color stone.
And Atlantis was said to have an abundance of elephants,
which elephants exist in Mauritania today.
And depictions of elephants can be seen in cave art close to the recon
structure. There are even relics, including pottery shards, arrowheads,
and other evidence that he civilization once lived there yet.
Archeologists have no idea what civilization they belong to or when,
and all of this is in Mauritania where people who were once known as the Maury
people were led by a legendary king, whose name was Atlas,
the same exact name as the king of Atlantis.
But on top of all of this,
it just so happens to be in the exact location that is annotated on an
ancient map that was created by who we refer to as the father of history.
I mean, this is an X marks, the spot if there ever was one,
especially when you consider the nature of the many precise similarities between
the recut structure and Plato's description of Atlantis. Now, for me,
this is more than compelling. This is Atlantis despite the fact that yes,
this site today is nearly 1300 feet above sea level because the scientific
explanation for the ricotta creation would make sense for it to be Atlantis.
When you simply compare it to what Plato had stated about Atlantis is
destruction describing how an earthquake caused Atlantis to sink into the depths
of the ocean. Perhaps that earthquake was the ricotta itself. For example,
scientists believe it went through multiple processes of being lifted up and
down as it subsurface dome collapsed and later lifted again,
a process that was repeated multiple times and creating the concentric circles
that we see today. I mean, geologists literally describe it as a dome.
So the subsurface dome collapsed Atlantis sank also explaining the
earthquake. I mean, this seems fitting,
especially when we acknowledge all of the matching precise similarities to what
play two, it said such as the concentric circles,
specifically three of water and two of land it's precise size and everything
else. It certainly seems definitive to me as this far exceeds coincidence.
And you know, that reminds me,
I received a comment from someone claiming to live in Mauritania and going on to
mention that locals have seen various fish skeletons in the [inaudible]
following rainstorms. If this is true,
I might be willing to pay as much as 1000 us dollars for evidence of that.
If it can be video recorded in such a way that any viewer would see and know
that the evidence was not planted.
And if the video included detailed Panorama shots of the [inaudible] plus video
of the GPS location, et cetera, if this is true, well, I can't help,
but think that the significant difference in value between us dollars and the
currency of Mauritania, well,
perhaps even just a few hundred us dollars would make it more than worth it to
go out there and take pictures of any evidence that can be found seashells,
whatever, but I'll get back to that in just a moment first,
then they also mentioned that there is evidence that this region was under the
ocean far more recently than the tens of millions of years.
That some people claim as non fossilized whale bones have been found in the
desert of Mauritania.
And this example you're seeing here should not be confused with a different
discovery in the Egyptian desert of actual fossils of whale bones.
And you can clearly see the difference for yourself as fossils are essentially
bones that over millions of years became stone.
So if scientists claim that it takes more than a million years for bones to
become fossils,
why are there non fossilized whale bones in the desert of Mauritania,
but getting back to my potential offer to pay,
to see evidence of sea life at the [inaudible]
. I received a number of outstanding comments of people that searched
the recut structure through Google earth and provided the coordinates to
some very interesting satellite images of potential structures on the ground.
What are these were
these made in modern times here, you can see various satellite photos of these structures followed by a zoomed out view.
So you can see where they were taken in relation to the [inaudible]
. But look at this one, located in the center island of the recut, it almost looks like the outline of a castle or something. Perhaps there is a simple explanation for it, but I might be willing to pay several hundred us dollars just to see a photo of what this looks like from the ground. It cannot be overstated just how remote this site is and how little it is visited. This is not a tourist attraction. This thing is in the middle of nowhere. And this is just another example of why the
recut needs to be studied from the ground and excavated. And getting back to
Hurghada. This is
map. I mean, were you even aware of a 2,500 year old map showing the location of Atlantis
in
Northwest Africa? I mean, I'm sure some people have heard of it, but I went ahead and did a word scan through my YouTube creator dashboard of all the comments I've received in my two videos on Atlantis.
And it appears that only four people mentioned this map just four
out of nearly 25,000 comments between my two previous videos on Atlantis.
In other words, it's fair to say that pretty much nobody has heard of this.
And it's also worth pointing out that this map shows the Nile river going from
east to west as various legends have long stated. And you know,
this reminds me of a detail.
I pointed out in my previous video involving the recent land survey of
Mauritania that identified a massive river that once ran through it,
it seems to me that this river may have been the Nial,
a possibility that hopefully scientists will research more in the future,
but of course,
many people rule out the possibility of the eye of the Sahara being a possible
location of Atlantis due to its current elevation above sea level.
And I understand where people are coming from,
but it really is time that we start asking new questions about what's
geologically possible on this planet over a certain length of time in regards to
land movements. It's right here in our faces guys.
And this discovery provides us with such a huge opportunity to not only learn
about the lost civilization,
but learn about the workings of planet earth as well.
We cannot assume that we know all there is to know. Now,
let me take a moment to address a couple of points of discussion that came up
following my previous Atlanta's videos. For instance,
I use the example of flood map.net to paint a picture for the viewer of how the
recut structure could be a feasible location and design for Atlantis.
If the area was at sea level, some 12,000 years ago,
many people commented stating that if this were the case,
Egypt would have to be under the ocean as well.
But I'm suggesting that a region of the Western Sahara was lifted.
I am not suggesting that the ocean was some 1500 feet higher.
And since there is no land rise.net,
the flood map.net comparison was just what I said.
It was in that video to paint you a picture of what the ricotta and surrounding
area would look like if it ever was at sea level.
Another point I want to bring up is in regards to my Antartica comparison in
relation to the speed at which land can rise over a period of time,
some have pointed out that the article I use stated that Antarctica is rising
because the land is being lifted back up as the ice melts causing something like
a sponge effect.
And those are my own words by the way of the rising of the land with the reduced
weight of the last ice.
But there is more to this and the article specifically mentions it being pushed
up by the flowing mantle beneath, like I said, in my prior video,
I use this comparison to simply point out that it is possible for land to rise
at a certain speed over a certain period of time. However,
the recon is a volcanic anomaly and that's what volcanic activity does.
It raises the ground. I think that most people understood what I was saying,
but the skeptics jumped on this.
And I would just like to encourage people to think for themselves because that
same article mentioned not one single word about volcanoes underneath
Antarctica.
Yet we know that there are at least 91 volcanoes underneath its ice.
Although scientists have not confirmed if those volcanoes are active or not,
but surely some of them are considering that there are at least 400
subglacial lakes underneath that ice.
Obviously something is melting it to create those lakes that are underneath as
much as two miles of ice.
And it seems to me that the Antarctica land rise is related to that volcanic
activity.
Not because there's less ice and land is rising like a sponge or something,
but that point is irrelevant because going back to the recuts,
they haven't even drilled it.
This illustration you see here is just that an educated guess as to what's
happened underneath.
And apparently many scientists who have speculated about the recut have never
actually visited the site in person. So keep that in mind.
So to close this video trilogy on the topic of Atlantis and the recut structure,
let me just say that I have not discovered anything.
I only discovered a little known documentary on the topic of Atlantis and I am
simply sharing that information with as many people as I possibly can.
And that is the purpose of this channel.
I have no desire to have something published in some scientific journal that's
for other nerds. I'm, I'm a different type of nerd.
And nerd is a term of endearment. By the way, for me,
my desire is to share information that I find interesting or important with the
masses.
And I will be discussing many different topics on this channel and in the future
I'll will even be remaking certain videos I have now that already have millions
of views, as I'm trying to build the quality of this channel.
And some of those videos, just the presentation,
various inaccuracies and the information, the editing,
there's just a lot of room for improvement.
So look forward to that and keep in mind,
I do 100% of this myself and I'm learning as I go, as far as my editing skills,
as well as just my delivery in front of the camera. And that reminds me,
I will also be making a video in the future to talk more about me and who I am
and what brought me on this journey to making YouTube videos.
So look forward to that. But like I've said before,
this is just the beginning of this channel.
There is so much to be shared with the masses that far exceeds the topic of
ancient civilization. That's just one thing.
Humanity is starting to wake up to various truths and I am going to accelerate
that awakening. And I'm going to make some real noise while doing it,
mark my words, but I'll leave it at that. I'm Jimmy,
this is bright insights like and subscribe and leave me a comment and let me
know what your thoughts are and all of this involving Atlantis and the ricotta
structure. But to me,
this is just so compelling that this requires excavation at this point.
So I'll just leave it at that.
I have a new video coming out around this time next week.
So look forward to that, but take care, everybody.